[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a horror film eli
spoiler ahead
watch out and take care eli was healthy
and active before he was eight
then he suddenly got a strange disease
with allergic reactions to the outdoors
when he was exposed to the air he would
have difficulty breathing
and the whole body would be swollen he
could only be isolated all day
and wear special protective gear when
going out various treatments have been
tried on him by far
but to no avail one day eli's mother
finds a special hospital to treat eli's
disease
though eli is reluctant to go mother
assures him that he will be cured this
time
the hospital looks weird it is a rather
dilapidated castle
and locates in misty woods all people in
and out must be strictly disinfected
the doctor receives the family and tells
them they will use some kind of gene
therapy
to correct eli's defect immune system
however
eli doubts it a little bit and want to
make sure whether they have cured all
the patients
which seems to irritate the doctor but
she tries to control herself and forces
a smile
telling eli they'll be sure to make him
better since the air and water are
strictly purified in that hospital
eli can take off his protective suit and
breathe and play freely
mom is very excited about that she then
holds eli tightly in her
arms but eli's stepfather stays
surprisingly calm
while a sly smile shows on the doctor's
face
after moving into a single room eli
keeps hearing strange noises
it seems that someone is breathing onto
the glass making it wet with moisture
a handprint suddenly appears on the
glass eli
is so scared that he rushes to his
mother the doctor however
counts it for eli's hallucination due to
the side effect of the drugs he took
soon eli began the first stage of
treatment his hands and feet are tied to
the operating table
the doctor explains the disease is
caused by a genetic defect but its
symptoms won't appear until a certain
age
so they need to inject some kind of
virus into his bone marrow
that can help repair his genetic defects
and restart the immune system
eli has to accept the genetic treatment
obediently
as a whole is made in the bone and the
injection is done
eli soon falls into a coma when he wakes
up again
he is obviously much weaker he comes to
the window
and suddenly the glass is hit by a small
stone he looks outside
and sees a little girl downstairs the
girl's name is haley
and she lives not far away she seems
familiar with things in the house
she asks eli if he's told by those
people that he's sick and allergic to
the world
when the girl learns eli's name she
tells him she doesn't like it
because eli means my god in the bible
later
eli finds it unbelievable that the girl
can even light a branch with her mind
so he wants to invite the girl inside
but gets refused
the girl tells him it's horrible there
and the doctor hates her
then she turns around and leaves eli is
puzzled a lot by her words
shortly after in this castle-like
hospital little eli keeps seeing all
kinds of strange things
while he's wandering the figure of a
little girl flashes suddenly
and approaches him he turns around but
only to find a ghost with long hair
standing at the door in horror eli tries
to run away
but the ghost pounces on him and he
falls to the ground
there seem to be a larger ferocious
demon behind the curtain
later eli tells his parents about what
he has encountered in the weird house
however they believe eli is merely
hallucinating
at night the wardrobe door is creaked
open and apparently someone is hidden
behind the curtain
trembling in fear eli approaches the
curtain and pulls it up but no one is
there
eli breathes onto the window and writes
down his name eli
but soon he's horrified to see the word
eli turns into lie
in the mirror eli sees a girl dressed in
shabby clothes
but when he turns around he doesn't see
anyone there
suddenly eli is grabbed and dragged out
by an invisible force
he screams for help the parents quickly
arrive
to find nothing else but eli alone
screaming in hysteria
the doctor claims that this is just the
drug reaction
so the mom requests her to lower the
dosage but the dad persuades her not to
interfere with the doctor's treatment
the doctor explains that the treatment
can produce huge side effects
which will increase as the treatment
stage moves further
but they have to persevere and pull
through this process soon comes eli's
second stage of treatment
with harsh drilling sounds waking brain
surgery is conducted on eli
to push the stem cell through the
blood-brain barrier
when eli wakes up he tells his parents
that doctor is sneaky
feeling that his health is getting worse
due to the treatment eli pleads with his
parents to leave the hospital
mom tries to console him but his
hot-tempered step-dad burst into anger
telling him that he could only choose
either to wear the protective gear for
his whole life
or just stay behind to receive the
treatment once for all
hearing that eli doesn't utter a word as
he chooses to stay
his body becomes weaker and he suffers
nose bleeding very often
meanwhile he encounters more
supernatural phenomena at night
once a ghost is leaping towards him eli
quickly jumps into the wardrobe
and the wardrobe is overturned only at
that time he's shocked to find some
chalk writing
of the word eli and lie on it though he
tries to explain that
everyone just regards it as his
hallucination and blames that for the
drug side effects
eli is very upset by that one night the
girl visits eli
again eli tells her this house is
haunted
much to his shock the girl says the
previous patients living there
also saw some ghosts eli finds it weird
because the doctor tells him others have
never seen any ghost here
the girl challenges him that he can't
really trust the doctor
struggling to stand up eli says he would
rather choose to leave this ghost damn
place with a protective gear
however at that moment lights in the
hallway begin to flicker
eli is grabbed by an unknown force and
dragged directly to the disinfection
room
the room door flings open frightened eli
covers his nose with his clothes
eli's face becomes swollen after being
rescued
eli shouts at the doctor saying she is
full of lies
for she denies the ghosts were also
haunting other patients here
in anger eli hits the glass on the wall
but faints down
as always the doctor explains that such
a treatment side effect is not as
expected
his brain is fighting hard against the
virus which caused his hallucination
and he needs to take sleeping pills and
gets ready for the last stage of
treatment
this time however eli doesn't swallow
the pills but hides them under his
tongue
before pretending to fall asleep at that
time the word lie on the wardrobe
appears to him as 317
the doctor later burns eli's protective
gear for she knows that eli will not use
it anymore
the next day the girl comes to visit him
again
eli asks her what the previous patients
said about the ghost
and whether the ghost is here trying to
help them or harm them
but the girl also has no idea they also
talk about the word lie
upside down can be read as 3 17. the
girl says that might be the password to
a certain room
eli is bizarre asks how she can know it
but the girl just shrugs it off
holding a flashlight eli starts
searching late at night
and finds a coated lock to a door as he
inputs the password 317
the door opens surprisingly he then
searches further
and checks inside carefully while
learning from the husband that the final
treatment would be dangerous to eli's
life
the mom is upset thinking she's been
hidden from some secrets
they fall into a quarrel as to whether
they should keep the treatment on eli
under depression the mom wants to pack
up all her stuff
and take eli away from the traumatized
treatment but she's stopped by the
coming doctor
who persuades her that no blind love
could even save her poor son
if she just gives up halfway with no
other choice
the mom has to stay down on the other
side eli finds from a draw the profiles
of three patients
showing that they were all weakened by
the treatment and turned into
monster-like creatures in the final
treatment
he's so scared to see that and russia's
back to find his step-dad
telling him that they need to stop now
and leave for all patients have died at
the final treatment stage
the father however tries to calm him
down and gives him a tranquilizer shot
on his arm
shortly after the nurses dragged the
poor boy away
although he's struggling and screaming
that they will kill all of the patients
however the tranquilizer seems to have
no effect on him
they are all distracted by a sudden
blast to a car outside
right then eli takes the chance to get
rid of the nurses
and races to take the patient files in
the drawer but nothing is there anymore
he then screams that they must have
hidden the files elsewhere and killed
all the patients with the brutal
experiments
later eli flees to a room where he finds
a photo
which to his shock shows that the doctor
and the two nurses are actually the nuns
he keeps searching and comes to a door
leading to the basement
where the air seems to have not been
filtered yet with his noses covered up
he searches down and reaches a cellar
where he sees a cross
a dagger and a big well with its cover
on
the doctor follows up soon and locks eli
inside explaining to the parents that
eli's body could only be taken control
of in that way
without better choice they have to obey
the doctor's instructions
while eli is left behind struggling to
breathe
but losing his consciousness soon
however while waking up again
he finds himself able to breathe as
normal he screams out loud
trying to tell his mom and dad he can
breathe as normal and he's not sick
mom hears his screams and is determined
to check her desperate son
despite being stopped by her husband and
the doctor
mom then comes to the cellar apologizes
to her silent son that they've lied to
him
he's never allergic to the outside world
but they have to make him believe in
that way
so as to protect him mom promises that
as long as he gets through the final
treatment
she will tell them all the truth right
then the silent sun faints down
and the nervous mom goes inside to check
him however
eli is pretending that taking a chance
to knock her mom out with a cross
and flees out of the cellar immediately
he then hides in a room
begins to smash the windows while the
dad and the doctor follow up
and try hard to crush the door the
little girl shows up right then
and gives eli encouragement to escape
from the house
on the other hand after waking up mom
pushes the cover away
and is terrified to find three dead
bodies inside the well
while eli has been taken control by his
bad and confined to the operating table
the wife threatens the doctor with a
dagger and comes inside
in rage she challenges the doctor that
they are going to kill her son
for she saw the children were all dead
due to the treatment
she then tries to untie eli but the
doctor claims that she can't let her son
go that way
which would be definitely a blasphemy to
god while the dad manages to get the
dagger from the panicking wife
and gives it back to the doctor actually
the nun who prepares for the final
treatment
she prays and tells him that his
sickness lies deep inside his soul
those allergic reactions on him are the
manifestations of his demonic abilities
and even though he's not done anything
wrong right now
he will definitely do in the future so
they are all here to rescue his soul
after that the nun holds the sacrificial
dagger high up
and tries to stab it into eli's heart to
her surprise
her hand seems to be stopped by some
unknown force and gets penetrated in her
own body instead
eli changes into a monster and frees
himself
easily from the table as he screams out
in rage
people inside are all knocked down
instantly
he then uses his power to raise the
three nuns into the air
and set fire to them eli roars at his
mom
asking what they just did to his body
mom confesses that the medicines are
used to prevent his body from changing
and she's eager for a son so she turned
to satan
who however lied to her that eli would
be a normal child
right then the stepdad attempts to
attack eli from his back with a
sacrificial dagger
but gets killed immediately eli bends
down
grabs the cross from mom's neck and
throws it away
seeing her mom in great sorrow eli comes
to his sense slowly
he then walks out of the castle and sees
the little girl
who reveals to him that they both are
actually the illegitimate children of
satan
and that the three dead kids are also
his half-blooded siblings
who are too weak to survive the sacred
treatment eli
asked her why she did not expose that to
him earlier
she says their father only allows them
to gain their own freedom
depending on their own strength instead
of the help from others
later mom follows up and takes care of
eli who's still puzzled by the truth
in the final scene mom takes the two and
vanishes in the dark in a car
heading to a remote place where their
same father is said to be
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out